Update docs (#3034)
CodaProtocol/coda: frontend/website/docs/faq.md

# FAQ

## Testnet

---

#### Do I need any specific hardware?

> Currently, you can use a CPU, and we recommend at least a 4-core processor and 8 GB's of RAM.  In the near future though, we may require the use of GPU's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we recommend at least a 4-core processor and 8 GB's of RAM.  In the near future though, we may require the use of GPUs.
```
